feat(html/formatter): add option to control void elements (#5600)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/silver-groups-shout.md

Reviewer: I guess I did forget to write a changeset.

---
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

Added support for formatting `.html` files. The formatting is considered **experimental,** and it's only opt-in via configuration:

```json
{
  "html": {
    "formatter": {
      "enabled": true
    }
  }
}
```

Biome formatter attempts to format as Prettier, however some default options might differ.

> An option `html.formatter.selfCloseVoidElements` allows to control if the trailing `/` of [void elements](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#void-elements).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An option `html.formatter.selfCloseVoidElements` allows to control whether the trailing `/` of [void elements](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#void-elements) should be printed.
```

**By default**, Biome formatter will *remove* the `/`:

```diff
- <input />

> + <input >

Reviewer 2: I assume the formatter would/should trim the space before it too, no?

```suggestion
+ <input>
```

Author: As for the current implementation, no, as the tests should. I can follow up with another PR to change that, and update the changeset too
